Consistency improvements, unification of comments & typo fixes (#104)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/resources/faq.md

## How is grammY developed?

grammY is a completely free and open-source software, developed by a team of volunteers.
Its code is available on GitHub.

You're welcome to [join us](https://t.me/grammyjs)!

## What programming language does grammY use?

> grammY is written from the ground up in TypeScrip &mdash; a superset of JavaScript. Therefore, it runs on Node.js.

Reviewer: This is incorrect typography in English. Either revert, or, if you need to see a dash here, use
```suggestion
grammY is written from the ground up in TypeScript—a superset of JavaScript. Therefore, it runs on Node.js.
```
We're also trying to keep HTML usage as low as possible.

> However, grammY can also run on Deno, which positions itself as the successor of Node.js. (Technically, you can even run grammY on modern browsers, though this will rarely be useful.)

Reviewer: Please use two lines for two sentences.

## How is grammY developed?

> grammY is a completely free and open-source software, developed by a team of volunteers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
grammY is completely free and open-source software, developed by a team of volunteers.
```

Author: I think there is one and only grammY, so this suggestion is invalid.

Its code is available on GitHub.

You're welcome to [join us](https://t.me/grammyjs)!

## What programming language does grammY use?

> grammY is written from the ground up in TypeScrip — a superset of JavaScript.
> Therefore, it runs on Node.js.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
grammY is written from the ground up in TypeScript, a superset of JavaScript.
It can therefore run on Node.js.
```

Author: I think the "—" means "which is", and if you remove it, you should say ", which is ...".

However, grammY can also run on Deno, which positions itself as the successor of Node.js.

> (Technically, you can even run grammY on modern browsers, though this will rarely be useful.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(Technically, you can even run grammY within modern browsers, though this will rarely be useful.)
```

Reviewer: _Within_ browsers sounds really odd to me. Don't things just run in your browser, rather than on or within?

Author: Nani

## How does grammY compare to its competitors?

> If you're coming from a different programming language or framework, you can check out our [detailed comparison between frameworks](./comparison.md).

Reviewer 2: Nice!

## Why do you support Deno?

Some important reasons why we like Deno more than Node.js:

- It's simpler and faster to get started.
- The tooling is substantially better.
- It natively executes TypeScript.
- No need to maintain `package.json` or `node_modules`.
- It has a reviewed standard library.

> Deno was founded by Ryan Dahl—the same person that invented Node.js.
> He summarized his 10 regrets about Node.js in [this video](https://youtu.be/M3BM9TB-8yA).

> grammY itself is Deno-first, and it is backported to support Node.js.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
grammY itself is written for Deno first, and then backported to support Node.js.
```

Reviewer: Deno-first means something else than just doing it before something else. It describes also that the development is centred around Deno, and that if had choices need to be done, Deno will be prioritised. That doesn't happen in practice really, but that's what we mean—and not so much that a Deno build comes before a Node build in time.

## Where can I host a Deno app?

Because Deno is new and its ecosystem is small, the number of places where you can host a Deno app are fewer than the ones for Node.js.

Here are some places where you can host your Deno app:

1. [Deno Deploy](https://deno.com/deploy)
2. [Cloudflare Workers](https://workers.dev)
3. [Vercel](https://github.com/vercel-community/deno)

> 4. [Heroku](https://dev.to/ms314006/deploy-your-deno-apps-to-heroku-375h)

Reviewer 2: Why did we change the order here? Unless there is some strong reason, we should revert back to alphabetical.

Reviewer: Good point! I didn't even notice it was alphabetical.
